capital = 78

#oob = ""

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 5

recruit_character = MOL_radu_vasilievich

recruit_character = MOL_acas
recruit_character = MOL_acgs
recruit_character = MOL_ncm
recruit_character = MOL_nt
recruit_character = MOL_pot
recruit_character = MOL_nccr
recruit_character = MOL_aco2
recruit_character = MOL_coi
recruit_character = MOL_aa2
recruit_character = MOL_democratic_guy
recruit_character = MOL_acd2
recruit_character = MOL_acr
recruit_character = MOL_fascist_guy
recruit_character = MOL_stc
recruit_character = MOL_ncs
recruit_character = MOL_awt
recruit_character = MOL_mt
recruit_character = MOL_communist_guy
recruit_character = MOL_ai2
recruit_character = MOL_ar

add_ideas = {
	MOL_legacy_of_lenins_revolution
	#MOL_radiocenter_mayak_idea
}

add_ai_strategy = {
	type = antagonize
	id = SOV
	value = 100
}
add_ai_strategy = {
	type = conquer
	id = SOV
	value = 100
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	communism = 89
	fascism = 2
	democratic = 5
	neutrality = 4
}

